We covered a lot of random things in this module.
We started off by looking at our database and how that's
going to integrate into our application.
We actually installed that database using Docker.
Quickly pointed out some Docker tips if you're not familiar with it,
maybe haven't used it before.
Talked about all of the legacy stuff that we could omit because Spring is
following the convention‑over‑configuration approach.
Added jars for JPA and MySQL to our application. Discussed
that transactions were actually implicit,
which is a key point because you used to have to explicitly include them.
Then we wrapped that all up with some tips and tricks that
help you learn JPA and Hibernate quicker.
We are now ready to dive into the meat of our course now,
which is creating our first entity and going through the
repositories and all of the tiers of our application so we really can just focus on business logic now.